new datastruct workshop (#217)
NuevoFoundation/workshops: content/english/datastruct/The Array/problem2.md

---
title: "Problem 2: Advanced Arrays"
description: "Problem 2"
date: 2020-07-16T00:00:00Z
weight: 4
---

> <h1>Task 1: Find average cost!</h1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Task 1: Find average cost!
```

<p style="margin-center: auto;padding: 1em 1em 1em 1em; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto; width: 80em; font-size: 1vw; font-family: sans-serif; color:grey; line-height: 200%">About how much money is needed to purchase food? Find the average cost of the array!</p>

{{%notice tip%}}
1. You can use a for loop to go through the array!
2. DO NOT hard code the solution
3. Reminder average = total cost / number of items
{{%/notice%}}

<iframe height="800px" width="100%" src="https://replit.com/@nuevofoundation/Array3?lite=true" scrolling="no" frameborder="no" allowtransparency="true" allowfullscreen="true" sandbox="allow-forms allow-pointer-lock allow-popups allow-same-origin allow-scripts allow-modals"></iframe>

> <h1>Task 2: Sorting an array!</h1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Task 2: Sorting an array!
```

> <p style="margin-center: auto;padding: 1em 1em 1em 1em; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto; width: 80em; font-size: 1vw; font-family: sans-serif; color:grey; line-height: 200%">The cost of each item in the menu is all over the place! Help us sort the array from least to greatest.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p style="margin-center: auto;padding: 1em 1em 1em 1em; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto; width: 80em; font-size: 1vw; font-family: sans-serif; color:grey; line-height: 200%">The costs of all the items in the menu are all over the place! Help us sort the array from least to greatest.</p>
```

{{%notice tip%}}
1. Think of a way to sort the array! (there are many different methods)

> 2. DO NOT hard code the solution

Reviewer: Would someone know what "hard code" means?

> 3. Look at example!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Look at the example!
```

{{%/notice%}}

<p style="margin-center: auto;padding: 1em 1em 1em 1em; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto; width: 80em; font-size: 1vw; font-family: sans-serif; color:grey; line-height: 200%">If we are given the array below</p>

```js javascript

    int[] cost = {100,90,50,60,20,1,3};
    //sorting....
    int[] sorted = {1,3,20,50,60,90,100};

```

<iframe height="800px" width="100%" src="https://replit.com/@nuevofoundation/Array4?lite=true" scrolling="no" frameborder="no" allowtransparency="true" allowfullscreen="true" sandbox="allow-forms allow-pointer-lock allow-popups allow-same-origin allow-scripts allow-modals"></iframe>

> <h1> Task 3: Make your own array! (optional)</h1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Task 3: Make your own array! (optional)
```
